{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg932\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset128 HiraginoSans-W3;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f4\fnil\fcharset128 HiraMinProN-W3;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13360\viewh16180\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'87\'40
\f1 \

\f2\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A startup company is looking for a solution to cost-effectively run microservices without the operational overhead of managing infrastructure. The solution needs to be able scale quickly to accommodate rapid changes in the volume of requests.
\f3 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \'a0
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 What is the MOST cost-effective solution?
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 A.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Run the microservices in containers using AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 B.
\f0 \'81\'9d
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Run the microservices in AWS Lambda behind an Amazon API Gateway.
\f0 \'81\'40\'81\'40
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 C.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Run the microservices on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 D.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Run the microservices in containers using Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS).
\f3 \cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'87\'41
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 A company is developing a new mobile version of its popular web application in the AWS Cloud. It should be accessible to internal and external users. The mobile application must handle authorization, authentication, and user management from one central source.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 \'a0
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Which solution meets these requirements?
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 A.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 IAM roles
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 B.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 IAM users and groups
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 C.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Amazon Cognito user tools
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 D.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory (AWS Managed Microsoft AD)
\f3 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'87\'42
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 Users of an image processing application experience long delays waiting for their images to process when the application experiences unpredictable periods of heavy usage. The architecture consists of a web tier, an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) standard queue, and message consumers running on Amazon EC2 instances. When there is a high volume of requests, the message backlog in Amazon SQS spikes. A solutions architect is tasked with improving the performance of the application while keeping costs low.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 \'a0
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Which solution meets these requirements?
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 A.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Purchase enough Dedicated Instances to meet the peak demand and deploy them for the consumers.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 B.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Convert the existing Amazon SQS queue to an Amazon SQS FIFO queue and increase the visibility timeout.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 C.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Configure an AWS Lambda function to scale out the number of consumer instances when the message backlog grows.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 D.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Run the message consumer instances in an Auto Scaling group configured to scale out and in based upon the ApproximateNumberOfMessages Amazon CloudWatch metric.
\f3 \cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'87\'43
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 A data processing facility wants to move a group of Microsoft Windows servers to the AWS Cloud. Theses servers require access to a shared file system that can integrate with the facility's existing Active Directory (AD) infrastructure for file and folder permissions. The solution needs to provide seamless support for shared files with AWS and on-premises servers and allow the environment to be highly available. The chosen solution should provide added security by supporting encryption at rest and in transit. The solution should also be cost-effective to implement and manage.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 \'a0
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Which storage solution would meet these requirements?
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 A.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 An AWS Storage Gateway file gateway joined to the existing AD domain
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 B.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 An Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system joined to the existing AD domain
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 C.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 An Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system joined to an AWS managed AD domain
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 D.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 An Amazon S3 bucket mounted on Amazon EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones running Windows Server and joined to an AWS managed AD domain
\f3 \cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'87\'44
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 A solutions architect has been given a large number of video files to upload to an Amazon S3 bucket. The file sizes are 100\'96500 MB. The solutions architect wants to minimize the overall time for the upload by maximizing throughput. The solutions architect also wants to easily resume failed upload attempts.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 \'a0
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 How should the solutions architect perform the uploads?
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 A.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Split each file into 5 MB parts. Upload the individual object parts in parallel.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 B.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Using the AWS CLI, copy individual objects into the Amazon S3 bucket with the aws s3 cp command.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 C.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 From the Amazon S3 console, select the Amazon S3 bucket. Upload the S3 bucket and drag and drop items into the bucket.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 D.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 From the Amazon S3 console, select the Amazon S3 bucket. Upload the S3 bucket, choose to add new files, and find and select the objects to be uploaded.
\f3 \cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'87\'45
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 A company has strict data protection requirements. A solutions architect must configure security for a VPC to make sure backend Amazon RDS DB instances cannot be accessible from the internet, and are accessible from the application tier over a specified port only.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 \'a0
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Which actions should the solutions architect take to ensure these requirements are met? (Select TWO.)
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 A.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Specify a DB subnet group containing only private subnets for the DB instances.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 B.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Attach an elastic network interface (ENI) with a private IPv4 address to each DB instance.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 C.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Attach an internet gateway to the VPC and update the route tables for the subnets used by the DB instances.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 D.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Configure an AWS Direct Connect connection on the database port between the application tier and the backend.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 E.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Add an inbound rule to the database security group that allows requests from the security group for the application tier over the database port. Remove other inbound rules.
\f3 \cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'87\'46
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 A company currently runs its website on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer that is configured as the origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. The company wants to protect against cross-site scripting and SQL injection attacks.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 \'a0
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Which approach should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 A.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Enable AWS Shield Advanced and list the CloudFront distribution as a protected resource.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 B.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Define an AWS Firewall Manager Shield Advanced policy that blocks cross-site scripting and SQL injection attacks.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 C.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Set up AWS WAF on the CloudFront distribution with conditions and rules that block cross-site scripting and SQL injection attacks.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 D.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Deploy AWS Firewall Manager on the EC2 instances and create conditions and rules that block cross-site scripting and SQL injection attacks.
\f3 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'87\'47
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 An API receives a high volume of sensor data. The data is written to a queue before being processed to produce trend analysis and forecasting reports. With the current architecture, some data records are being received and processed more than once.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 \'a0
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 How can a solutions architect modify the architecture to ensure that duplicate records are not processed?
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 A.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Configure the API to send the records to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 B.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Configure the API to send the records to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 C.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Configure the API to send the records to Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 D.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Configure the API to send the records to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue.
\f3 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'87\'48
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs2 \cf3 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 A company has used Amazon EC2 Spot Instances for a demonstration. The demonstration is complete and a solutions architect must now remove the Spot Instances.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 \'a0
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Which action should the solutions architect take to remove the Spot Instances?
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 A.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Cancel the Spot request.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 B.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Terminate the Spot Instances.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 C.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Cancel the Spot request and then terminate the instances.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 D.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Terminate the Spot Instances and then cancel the Spot request.
\f3 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'87\'49
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 A company needs to implement a secure data encryption solution to meet regulatory requirements. The solution must provide security and durability in generating, storing, and controlling cryptographic data keys.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 \'a0
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Which action should be taken to provide the MOST secure solution?
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 A.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to generate customer master keys (CMKs) and data keys. Use AWS KMS key policies to control access to the CMKs.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 B.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to generate cryptographic keys and import the keys to AWS Certificate Manager. Use IAM policies to control access to the keys.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 C.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Use a third-party solution from AWS Marketplace to generate the cryptographic keys and store them on encrypted instance store volumes. Use IAM policies to control access to the encryption key APIs.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 D.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Use OpenSSL to generate the cryptographic keys and upload the keys to an Amazon S3 bucket with encryption enabled. Apply AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key policies to control access to the keys.
\f3 \cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'87\'4a
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 A solutions architect needs to design a secure environment for resources that are being deployed to a VPC. The solution should include support for a three-tier architecture consisting of web, application, and database tiers. The VPC needs to allow resources in the web tier to be accessible from the internet using HTTPS.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 \'a0
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Which combination of actions would create the MOST secure network? (Select TWO.)
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 A.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Attach Amazon API Gateway to the VPC. Create private subnets for the web, application, and database tiers.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 B.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Attach an internet gateway to the VPC. Create a public subnet for the web tier. Create private subnets for the application and database tiers.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 C.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Attach a virtual private gateway to the VPC. Create public subnets for the web and application tiers. Create a private subnet for the database tier.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 D.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Create a web security group that allows all traffic from the internet. Create an application security group that allows requests from Amazon API Gateway only. Create a database security group that allows TCP connections from the application security group on the database port only.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 E.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Create a web security group that allows HTTPS requests from the internet. Create an application security group that allows HTTP requests from the web security group only. Create a database security group that allows TCP connections from the application security group on the database port only.
\f3 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'87\'4b
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 A solutions architect has been asked to reduce the cost of data transfer between Amazon EC2 instances. The instances are in two Availability Zones in a single AWS Region. The instances use public IP addresses for all communications.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 \'a0
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 How should the solutions architect reduce costs without sacrificing reliability and scalability?
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 A.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Link the instances with AWS App Mesh.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 B.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Put the instances in a spread placement group.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 C.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Use private IP addresses instead of public IP addresses.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 D.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Implement AWS Direct Connect between the two Availability Zones.
\f3 \cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'87\'4c
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 A company is developing a social media chat tool to that will be deployed on AWS. The application stores the messages using a key-value data model. Messages typically are read multiple times by groups of users. A solutions architect needs to select a database solution that will scale for a high rate of reads and deliver messages with microsecond latency.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 \'a0
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Which approach meets these requirements?
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 A.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Amazon Aurora with Aurora Replicas
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 B.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Amazon DynamoDB with DynamoDB Accelerator
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 C.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Amazon Aurora with Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 D.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Amazon Neptune with Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached
\f3 \cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \'87\'4d
\f3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 A company uses one AWS account to run production workloads and has a separate AWS account for the security team. During periodic audits, the security team needs to view certain account settings and resource configurations in the other AWS account.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 \'a0
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 How can a solutions architect provide the required access to the security team following the principle of least privilege?
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 A.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Create an IAM user for each security team member on the production account. Attach a permissions policy that provides the permissions required by the security team to each user.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 B.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Create an IAM role in the production account. Attach a permissions policy that provides the permissions required by the security team. Add the security team account to the trust policy.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 C.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Create a new IAM user in the production account. Assign administrative privileges to the user. Allow the security team to use this account to log in to the systems that need to be accessed.
\f3 \cb1 \
\

\f2 \cb3 D.
\f3 \cb1 \

\f2 \cb3 Create an IAM user for each security team member on the production account. Attach a permissions policy that provides the permissions required by the security team to a new IAM group. Assign the security team members to the group.
\f3 \cb1 \
}